docs: document ADR about polling, workflow, and responsibilities (#683)
weaveworks/tf-controller: docs/adr/0001-pr-polling-workflow.md

# 1. Pull Request Polling

* Status: proposed
* Date: 2023-06-20 
* Authors: @yitsushi
* Deciders: @yitsushi @chanwit @yiannistri

## Context

To detect pull request changes, we can use webhooks or polling using GitHub's
API.

## Decision

> We decided to use polling for security reasons. Using webhook would require to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We decided to start with polling for security reasons. Using webhooks would require users to
```

open an ingress to the cluster and that's not acceptable especially in an

> air-gapped environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
air-gapped environment. This does not mean that we will never consider using webhooks for this, but that initially, polling is what we have chosen to implement.
```

# 1. Pull Request Polling Workflow

* Status: proposed
* Date: 2023-06-20 
* Authors: @yitsushi
* Deciders: @yitsushi @chanwit @squaremo @yiannistri

## Context

To detect pull request changes, we can use webhooks or polling using GitHub's
API.

## Decision

We decided to use polling for security reasons. Using webhook would require to

> open an ingress to the cluster and that's not acceptable especially in an

Reviewer 2: I don't find this universally-quantified statement very convincing. My estimation, coming from Flux, is that plenty of people are happy to use webhooks. I am fine with the _decision_, though. A better way to argue it would be that a significant proportion of people will not want to use webhooks, but polling will nearly always work, so it's better to start with polling.

Author: > A better way to argue it would be that a significant proportion of people will not want to use webhooks

This is a decision record, it's not an RFC discussing where to go. It just records that we decided to use polling and the main reason was security and air-gapped environments.

Reviewer 2: OK, so the correct place to register my objection to this line of reasoning is the RFC; I'll do that.

This makes a material difference, just in case that's in question -- if you read this rationale and took it at face value, you might think "we should never implement webhooks"; but I think that would be a poor conclusion to draw. Reasons matter.

air-gapped environment.

The Branch-Based Planner has two components:

1. Polling Server: Detect Pull Request changes and manage Teraform resource
   state.
2. Informer: Make a comment when new plan output is available.

> Full workflow and responsibilities:

Reviewer 2: A lot of this is a design that would be relevant and accurate for webhooks, too. On the basis that an ADR should record one decision, perhaps this one should just explain the decision to use polling.
